README.md, before:

# Modern Calculator

A modern, sleek calculator application built with JavaFX that provides essential calculation features with a beautiful user interface.

## Features

- Basic arithmetic operations (addition, subtraction, multiplication, division)
- Percentage calculations
- Number sign toggle (positive/negative)
- Clear function
- Modern, responsive UI with hover effects
- Error handling for division by zero

## Requirements

- Java 17 or higher
- Maven 3.6 or higher

## How to Run

1. Clone the repository
2. Navigate to the project directory
3. Run the following commands:

```bash
mvn clean install
mvn javafx:run
```

## Usage

- Use the number pad to input numbers
- Click on operation buttons (+, -, ×, ÷) to perform calculations
- Use C to clear the display
- Use ± to toggle between positive and negative numbers
- Use % to convert numbers to percentages
- Press = to see the result

## Color Scheme

The calculator uses a modern color scheme:
- Dark blue background (#2C3E50)
- Light blue number buttons (#34495E)
- Orange operation buttons (#E67E22)
- Green equals button (#27AE60)
- Gray utility buttons (#7F8C8D)

## Development

This project is built using:
- Java 17
- JavaFX 17.0.2
- Maven for dependency management and building

Commit message:

Update README: Add author information

README.md, after:

# Modern Calculator

A modern, sleek calculator application built with JavaFX that provides essential calculation features with a beautiful user interface.

## Features

- Basic arithmetic operations (addition, subtraction, multiplication, division)
- Percentage calculations
- Number sign toggle (positive/negative)
- Clear function
- Modern, responsive UI with hover effects
- Error handling for division by zero

## Requirements

- Java 17 or higher
- Maven 3.6 or higher

## How to Run

1. Clone the repository
2. Navigate to the project directory
3. Run the following commands:

```bash
mvn clean install
mvn javafx:run
```

## Usage

- Use the number pad to input numbers
- Click on operation buttons (+, -, ×, ÷) to perform calculations
- Use C to clear the display
- Use ± to toggle between positive and negative numbers
- Use % to convert numbers to percentages
- Press = to see the result

## Color Scheme

The calculator uses a modern color scheme:
- Dark blue background (#2C3E50)
- Light blue number buttons (#34495E)
- Orange operation buttons (#E67E22)
- Green equals button (#27AE60)
- Gray utility buttons (#7F8C8D)

## Development

This project is built using:
- Java 17
- JavaFX 17.0.2
- Maven for dependency management and building

## Author
Created by Sailen-Mondal
